Exception handling:
Error Number : The error number is a unique identifier given for each error that occurs in SQL server.
 It is below 50000 for predefined errors amd must be above 50000 for user defined errors

Error Message : It is a brief piece of information describing the error just occured. It can be maximum of 2047 characters

Severity Level : Tells about the importance of the error. This can range between 0 and 24.
    0 to 9 : not severe, and can be considered as status messages/information
    11 to 16 : Indicates user generated errors
    17 to 19 : Indicates software errors that cannot be corrected by the users, and must be reported to the sys admin\
    20 to 24 : Indicates fatal errors that can damage the database/system. Here the database connection immediately terminates to ensure database security

State : it is an arbitrary value that is not important for us. This ranges from 0 to 127. 

Transactions : A single unit of work that contains many Sql statements.
   A transaction begins when the first dml statement is executed and ends with one of the following events
     - A commit or Rollback is issued
     - Auto commit
     - The user Exits
     - The system crashes

Transaction management ensures
   - Data Consistency
   - Preview data changes before making it permanent
   - Group logically related operations

All transactions must start with a 'begin transaction'

Save Points/Transaction :Are logical markers/blocks of a set of operations in a transaction. Ther are not ANSI standards

ACID Properties:

A - Atomicity      
C - Consistency 
I - Isolation     
D - Durability

Locks in sql are of 2 types : 1. Shared lock 2. exclusive lock

--Functions : are reusable piece of code that can be called from select statements,where, join clauses

They are of 2 types
  1. Scalar functions :
      -Functions that accept 0 or many parameters.
      -Will have to return a scalar value(int,char,float,varcharchar,decimal etc..)
     - cannot return text,ntext,image,timestamp

  2. Table Valued Functions : 
     a) Inline Table valued: returns a table of values
                             does not have begin or end statements

     b) Multistatement Table Valued : Can contain many sql statements
                      is enclosed within begin and end clauses
                      returns a user created table variable

syntax :
 create function <functionname>(parameters list with data types)
   returns datatype
 as
 begin
  function body..
 return the actual data
 end

Differences between Functions and Stored Procedures

1. A function must return a value whereas a procedure never returns value explicitly
2. A function can have only input parameters whereas procedures can have both input and output
3. A function can be used only to select data, whereas procedures can be used in dml operations
4. A function cannot handle errors, whereas procedures can
5. A function cannot have transactions, procedures can
6. A function can call only other functions, but procedures can call other procedures and other functions
7. UDF can be used in sql statements like select,where,join,having  clauses, but procedures cannot



            


